Invoke requires a pact, one with god, demon, strange beast or power hungry magician, or choose whatever you want.
 
This pact is your source of power, tread carefully with your benefactor.
   

**Can be dex/Martial based??**
   

**Choose one initial aspect:**
 
**Smite (melee)** (move)  
Cost: 5XP  
Prerequisites: none  
00 **Pact strength** (3): Divide 4 harm among up to 1 target(s) within melee range, each creature after the first receives an additional +1 harm.  
00 : Mitigate 3 harm  
0 **help:** The next roll of target ally does not need to be rolled with chaos if it otherwise would. (per session xN)
   

**Smite (Ranged)** (move)  
Cost: 5XP  
Prerequisites: none  
00 **Pact strength (3)** : Divide **3** harm among up to 1 target(s), each creature after the first receives an additional +1 harm.  
00 : Mitigate 3 harm  
0 **help:** Give an ally +1 to a mental saving throw.
          
**Dedication**  
**Cost:**  
**Prerequisites**: Smite  
0 **Aspect(2):** Take time after a battle to dedicate a victory to  
your pact holder, gain a plus one to your next roll.
 
_This move is roleplay based._ _Discuss this with your Dm in how this is represented._
 
**Faithful Fighter**  
**Cost:**  
**Prerequisites:** Dedication  
0 **Aspect (2):** Take time during conflict to dedicate the death on an N-tier creature to your pact holder, gain (N+2 Harm) forward.
 
**Faithful ally**  
**Cost:**  
**Prerequisites:** faithful fighter  
**Modification:** Add text: This may target anyone.
 
**Dedication cures**  
**Cost:**  
**Prerequisites:** Dedication  
**0 aspect (2):** Take time during conflict to dedicate the death on an N-tier creature to your pact holder, gain (N+2) healing.
 
**Dedicated ally**  
**Cost:**  
**Prerequisites:** Dedication cures  
**Modification:** Add text: this may target anyone.
   

_Limit to one dedication per death_
 
_Dedications Should be altered at the DMs discretion to represent your pact holder._  
_e.g. If you have a pacifist god, dedicating deaths may not be suitable, instead when you are able to dedicate a prevention of death may be more appropriate._
 
**Commitment**  
**Cost:**  
**Prerequisites:** Faithful fighter/Dedication cures  
**Quest:** Once you have dedicated 3 deaths to your pact holder, gain the condition _committed_
 
**Devotion**  
**Cost:**  
**Prerequisites:** Commitment  
**C-passive:** When _committed_ your dedications gain (n+2) to relevant.
 
**Oath keeper**  
**Cost:**  
**Prerequisites:** Commitment  
**C-passive:** When _committed_ Gain (N+1) damage mitigation.
 
**Sheild of the faithful**  
**Cost:**  
**Prerequisites:** Oath Keeper  
**C-passive:** When _committed_ Gain a (N+5) temporary health/ shield.
 
**Faith Hurts**  
**Cost:**  
**Prerequisites:** commitment  
**Aspect 000 (2):** When _committed_ you may deal (n+4) harm to up to 5 targets. In the resolution of this move lose the commitment condition and reset the quest line.
   

**Faith Heals**  
**Cost:**  
**Prerequisites:** commitment  
**Enhancement:** Add text**:** Targeting allies heals them.
   
 
**Integration**  
**Cost:**  
**Prerequisites:** Smite  
**Passive:** When Smite is added to another attack, convert it to your pact holders element or alignment.
 
**Pact might**  
**Cost:**  
**Prerequisites**: integration  
**Enhancement:** When you activate integration gain _(n+ 1)_ harm (calculated afterwards)
 
**Pact sustains me**  
**Cost: 5xp**  
**Prerequisites**  
**Enhancement:** Heal yourself or an ally for the damage dealt by Pact might.
 
**Weaken**  
**Cost:**  
**Prerequisites: Integration**  
**Enhancement:** When you activate integration on a target, weaken their next attack by N+1
   

**Pact blade**  
**Cost:**  
**Pre**  
**Enhancement: W**hen you activate integration on a melee attack, you may choose to silence the N tier target.
   

**Divine for the Gods (****goes here)**  
**Ask questions and stuff, leave sensing for the pact hunter**
 
**Ask advice.**
 
**Return**  
**Cost**  
**Prerequisites**  
**Aspect 000 (5):** Project yourself to your pact holders realm, you are physical and may interact with the world as you normally would but your body remains upon the casting location.
 
**Banish**  
**Cost**  
**Prerequisites:** Return  
**Aspect 00 (4):** n times per session, Banish a n tier target to your pacts realm for
    
**Divine intervention**  
3 6s  
Hehe  
Triple 1  
Bad
                                                      

Smite/God come help/'guidance' (advice in contrast to information which is the purview of Divination)
 
Everything except compel Duel which can be a Persona branch in Enchant Mind
 
**Reaction to remove one AP from the DM when generated by a roll?**
 
- Is this something we want?
      

**Very cool**
 
"Choose a word. The first time after casting this spell that you speak  
the chosen word, you and any allies touching you when you cast the  
spell are immediately returned to the exact spot where you cast the  
spell. You can only maintain a single location; casting Word of Recall  
again before speaking the word replaces the earlier spell"
   

**Also very cool**  
Choose an appendage on the target such as an arm, tentacle, or  
wing. The appendage is magically severed from their body, causing  
no damage but considerable pain. Missing an appendage may, for  
example, keep a winged creature from flying, or a bull from goring  
you on its horns. While this spell is ongoing you take -1 to cast a spell.
    
**Smite**  
Ranged/melee attack that deals magical damage, magical alternative to martial.